He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
I am so blue I'm greener than purple.
I stepped on a Corn Flake, now I'm a Cereal Killer.
On a scale from one to ten what is your favourite colour of the alphabet.
I want more detailed information.
How was the math test?
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
We have a lot of rain in June.
The book is in front of the table.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She advised him to come back at once.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Where do random thoughts come from?
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
A glittering gem is not enough.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She was too short to see over the fence.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Let me help you with your baggage.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The old apple revels in its authority.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
She did her best to help him.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.